Wu Ping sees Meifeng God of War
Meimei Phoenix God of War
Meifeng God of War
It is Yihuang's subordinate Meifeng God of War
Don't be polite among friends
Just call me Brother Long
Brother Long, do you have any orders?
No orders
Even these people don't know what they do
One by one, the old man is awesome
It's not about forcing people to transfer property
It is to force people to remove it from the shelves.
To kill
You said you had some energy in the war department
It should be settled
Well, these things can be settled at the touch of a finger
Why are you touching my friend?
How is that possible?
He's just a security guard
Why is it a friend who buys the co-pilot?
Ah, is he my friend and want you to decide?
I dare not
I was wrong.
I didn't know he was your friend.
I apologize to you for being blind.